Sol-1. Comments : In Python we use comments as for explaination, make notes and document the codes. We afre using # key to make any statement as a comment. anything written after # is considered as comment in Python and ignored by interpreter and does affect the code.
There are generally two types of comments in Python 
one is single line comment and other one is multi lines comment.
We use # then type statement for single line comment for example : # This is my comment
For multi line comments we use triple quotes within the statements for example : 
""" This is my secomnd comment
and can be more comments
after this section yo provide explaination """


Sol-2. Variables : In Python, variables are used to store values that can be accessed and manipulated throughout the program. A variable is essentially a name that represents a specific value or object in the computer's memory.
Variable naming: Choose a name for variable that is meaningful and descriptive. Variable names can contain letters (both uppercase and lowercase), digits(but they cannot start with a digit), and underscores (_). Python is case-sensitive, so variables named "myVariable" and "myvariable" are considered different.

Variable declaration and assignment: In Python,we can directly assign a value to a variable using the assignment operator (=). Example: var = 5


Sol-3. We can convert one data type to another by using the desired data type as a function and then put the variable in (). For example :
var1 = 25
var1 = str(var1)
print(var1)
"25"

var1 = float(var1)
var1 = bool(var1)
var2 = "22"
var2 = int(var2)
var2 = 22

As well  some data types provide their own methods for conversion, such as the list(), tuple(), and dict() constructors for converting to list, tuple, and dictionary types, respectively.

Sol-4. We can create a text file to write Python script and save it with a .py extension, for example, "myscript.py" to generate a python script.


Sol-5. Complex Number - In mathematics complex number is a combination of real and imaginary number. Such as a+bi where a and b are real numbers and i is an imaginary number. The imaginary unit "i" is defined as square root of -1. In the complex number a + bi, the real part a represents the real component of the number, and the imaginary part b represents the imaginary component. The real and imaginary parts can be positive, negative, or zero.

In Python we use "j" in place of "i" to represent imaginary number. eg. a+bj